---
layout: '../../layouts/MarkdownBookLayout.astro'
title: 'Acharnians'
author: 'Aristophanes'
---

# The Chorus 

Like most of The chorus in Aristophanes play, they are alright bit
mediocre really, sometimes Aristophanes uses rhyming of (ABCB) Which is
lyrical at reading at first, but gets boring and unpoetic after a few
lines, although there is some good chorus here and there, but most of
the time it is normal.

# Politics 

Yes the play is about war and of course it will include a lot of
politics, since it is really just an appeal for peace, Aristophanes was
really just trying to convince the people responsible for the war to end
it. However for us readers we really need an efficient background on the
Athenian and Spartan politics in order to understand some characters and
some jokes, which makes the experience a bit frustrating.

# Euripides 

Euripides appears as a character in the play, although he appears as
himself, i really liked the scene which he appears in, he uses archaic
English and poetic language, Aristophanes uses him to mock both the poet
and his works

# Imitation of Telephus 

Aristophanes quotes Euripide`s Telephus throughout the play, not only to
mock but to also show his inspiration and knowledge about his
contemporaries, its funny because some of the best verses are the ones
taking from Telephus.

# The Best Scene 

There is this scene in the play, where a father of two daughters
approach Dikaiopolis (the protagonist) to buy food as the latter had a
stall to sell some stuff, the father comes from one of the effected
countries by the war, and he does not have any money to buy food for his
two daughters. In a comical manner he tell his daughter that its either
they starve to death or he sell as pigs to Dikaiopolis in exchange of
some food,the scene is both sad and hilarious, which shows how
Aristophanes can make these humane scene in comical way.
