---
layout: '../../layouts/MarkdownBookLayout.astro'
title: 'Antigone'
author: 'Sophocles'
---
# Antigone: the Female Stoic 

From the right start we see Antigone (the protagonist) as a brave and a
virtuous person, a person who is willing to defend what is right to his
last breath, this bravery and absolute morality is similar to the
character of Socrates, reveling itself through her dialogues and
reactions.

# Right Against Right 

Antigone and Creon argument show a great and complex tension, Creon
thinks that because her brother is an enemy he should not have the
honour of burial, Antigone thinks that they should bury people whoever
they are and that her duty complies her to to bury her brother, this is
why i like this character she is in touch with her values, both Creon
and Antigone are right, both are compiled by strong reasons.

# Creon Ruling 

Creon is Challenged by Antigone actions, Creon is a just ruler, he
does not discriminate between his people, he realize that if he make an
exception his ruling would be minimized, even when he knows that the
people agree on what Antigone did, he say that he is the ruler not the
people, his son encounter this with then you will be a good ruler in
an island. I think that Creon is right, because its essential that the
ruler is not moved around by his people, yes he should take advice from
them which Creon actually does at the end.

# Tragedy at it Best 

After Creon order to kill Antigone and banish Ismene, his son who is in
love with Ismene goes to the cave where she was banished, his father
goes after him after having been persuaded by an oracle to bury the
brother and not kill Antigone, when he arrive at the cave he sees Ismene
hanged and his son crying, he tries to talk to him but his son tries to
his him with his sword, he then kills himself in front of his father,
dying next to his beloved. Creon goes back to the city, the wife gets
the news of her son, and she kill herself as well, cursing Creon before
her death, this all was said through a messenger, even though Creon
changes his mind after been convinced by the oracle, it is too late.

# The Better Tragedy 

Unlike Oedipus, Antigone is more mature and complex, the rivalry between
Creon and Antigone has more wight than Oedipus and Creon, even though
they have the same theme (pride), Creon had more reasons to keep going
with his rivalry. Antigone is a more interesting character then Oedipus,
and the complexity of the story as it unravels is more engaging. The
play is very quotable and has fantastic dialogues, the only reason why
Oedipus is more popular is because Aristotle really liked it and
mentioned it in his book Poetics as one of the best tragedies.

# Pride 

Sophocles loves to talk about pride, in both plays pride is the main
theme, Oedipus is too prideful to listen to the oracle and accept his
fate, Creon is too prideful to listen to Antigone and the gods commands,
both face consequences as a result, what makes both plays a tragedy is
that both characters could not really accept their fate, who would accept
the fact that he is going to kill his father and marry his mother?
